got to be careful of that playoff cheese
game - they tried to hit me with the
files but I'm gonna be extra careful
this game I'm not going anywhere I'm
playing the entire game let's go outlet
I want to play up-tempo tonight
crossover loaders let's play like the
old Phoenix Suns in seven seconds or
less in seven seconds or less Jay smooth
wanted none of that pic I set for him
for loader alert floater
oh ye Tony Parker baby haha should I
keep this game fast should I hit kid
with a move right away hit him with a
quick crossover move to the rim I'm
elevating well that's a bad pass Odom
sees it you Telegraph that look at that
passage or more cloth or wide open
that's a mistake splash
- no way my rebound are they always
steal my rebounding oh look at that
turnover Wow should I give Jason Kate a
breather here I know he's old should I
give him a breather on this possession
should I give him a breather
no breather for you he'll breathe it for
you Jason kid if you're on the court
you're on the court
oh how could you leave Courtney Lee for
three what you're gonna do oh the
step-back yes I'm glad that didn't go in
that would have been embarrassing Oh Oh
behind the back move that's embarrassing
where's my replay why didn't they play a
replay for that that was nice
uh-uh-uh-uh I'm already at the
half-court line crossover back to me
wide open for two
I was a mistake catch a break
missus I'm already I'm already at the
three-point line keeping this simply see
how fast I get at the court look at that
speed burst crossover - Chris Chris -
Chris keeping it simple should i attack
jay king right away
should I take oh yeah I'm elevating I'm
gone I'm gone I'm let's go
I'm already across half court it across
oh ho
hop stepping right through the defense
that's a easy foul easy free-throws for
me and with a quick that crossover got
canceled right there push the ball look
at Jay Kidd pushing the ball near
turnover six to shoot
Jason Terry is doing dunks in this
series that he can't do that block is vs
right there that should have been a foul
that was a nice move got a stay moving
so you don't get one of those stuck
animations all look at JK t soo slow oh
oh look at that physical defense by
Jason Kidd jeez ooh gotta lean and got
him leaning off to Chuck Hayes Chuck
Hayes who got him got him with the
behind the back Oh too messed up the
space in there and with a triple threat
move all the way oh oh is that another
is that another behind the back and
that's another non replay play why
aren't they playing a reflux that I'm
gonna have to make my own let's go look
at that speed burst I'm gonna spin I'm
gonna spin on spinning like a boss like
a boss that should be a him Terry
against Robert shot doing this oh look
at that
animation dunk he's driving to the
basket my spin move just got canceled in
my contact cherry goo look at that I got
canceled by contact
Terry outside Chandler is that double
screen up top best cheese they're
running a double screen they ran a
double screen look at Jason kid he's not
ready look at Jason Kidd wear it why are
you back there just a kid why are you
another bad pass by Jason Terry Jason
Terry is throwing terrible passes in the
series we almost missed that dunk right
there Wow
getting a little too fancy I shouldn't
be reversing and cocking it back like
that I'm too short almost blew that done
give kid a hesitation give him another
hesitation give him a cross another
cross a step back he's lost he's lost ha
ha chase the kid is lost Jose Barrera is
he quick enough oh oh where you going
wait Oh actually they have the ball let
me get back here I thought we were in
Bound and I was getting ready to cheese
I was getting my oh there goes the
cheese hey don't jump don't jump Maria
come on here smooth I hate it when they
run full-court press look how easy this
is look look how easy this is look look
at that and one stop with the full-court
press and stop complaining give him a
technical give Maria a technical there's
nothing to complain about
give him a technical oh look at look at
Chris Bosh he had the pause to catch
that they need to take that pausing
catch out of the game
gotta found me got a father you're too
short
triple threat again step back oh you
want to go that way I'll go back the
other way oh oh oh I could go that way
now Mary want some of this you want some
of this Louise Lena he's leaning I'm
stepping back slack
oh is that is that Chuck Hayes Chuck
Hayes oh look now they got Caron Butler
on me that's a mistake come on Butler
can't defend me oh look at that ooh look
at that beautiful find in the corner and
the Rockets leave um let's go here we go
here we go I'm gonna spin I'm gonna spin
I'm gonna spin on spinning like a boss
you got him Fowler spin move Oh bye look
at JC kid he didn't learn his lesson he
didn't learn his lesson floater alert
followed her alert
haha they're playing a replay for the
floater alert so that's it we win by 10
they had no chance when we turned up the
heat when we played fast they had no
chance maybe we should play up-tempo
more often this was crazy